---
title: I.T Lesson 6
layout: post
author: joseph.beddoe
permalink: /copy-of-copy-of-using-github/
source-id: 1ucOYUJcpDcsICl7DIib80iHe9uMjUCPiHky-ietZRwQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 6</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>1-3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target</td>
    <td>1-4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes I did</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the strategies that were effective were the same as last week but I will repeat them in this blog. Finley and I work well as a team and I think this is because we know each other so well through school. When doing the work one of us does the reading bit therefor we are not crowding over the same book and the other person is controlling the mouse and this is because if we do this we will be doing at least 2 things at once most of the time, I think this is the best way to do it because then we will not be annoying each other and and getting on each others nerves. We share the keyboard because when someone is doing the mouse or reading the booklet aloud we can do the coding as we now know all the buttons. Today I think we worked especially fast although I'm not sure why.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We have finally cracked the saving process and are now amazing at that and I think that the only thing Finley and I now need to work on is getting quicker.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Finley and Iare just going to try and be more efficient at coding with Fuze.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


