---
title: I.T Lesson 7
layout: post
author: joseph.beddoe
permalink: /copy-of-using-github/
source-id: 1oMunMlQI5_cRryTgnHnbC9vXtgWy45CDTm9utBmg3h0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>project roundup</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>no we saved our work but when we came to open it and run it it was saved as a different file which we weren't able to open or access.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>as I said above we had to start again and the code we were writing was 101 lines long and so we had to start ALL of it again… otherwise the same strategies were useful like last time.Finley and I work well as a team and I think this is because we know each other so well through school. When doing the work one of us does the reading bit therefor we are not crowding over the same book and the other person is controlling the mouse and this is because if we do this we will be doing at least 2 things at once most of the time, I think this is the best way to do it because then we will not be annoying each other and and getting on each others nerves. We share the keyboard because when someone is doing the mouse or reading the booklet aloud we can do the coding as we now know all the buttons. Today I think we worked especially fast although I'm not sure why.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the only thing that limited my learning this week was the fact that the 101 line code had saved onto a file we could not open or access.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next time Finley and I (and spencer who's fuze box didn't work so he had to go and help another group which was us!!!!!!!) will check that we have saved our work onto the right file.
:)!!!!!!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

