---
title: I.T Lesson 3
layout: post
author: joseph.beddoe
permalink: /copy-of-using-github/
source-id: 1-lxEVcVq73uU4GqtfgeKsyVONVJvKoUHuguaWQd50CE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>half way through 1.1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to see where I can get</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the same strategies as last lesson were effective. Finley and I work well as a team and I think this is because we know each other so well. When doing the work one of us does the reading bit therefor we are not crowding over the same book and the other person is controlling the mouse and this is because if we do this we will be doing at least 2 things at once most of the time. We share the keyboard because when someone is doing the mouse or reading the booklet aloud we can crack on with the coding.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that overall we worked very well together but there still is the smaller issue of saving our work in the lesson and at the end of the lesson. We have however got faster at getting our work we saved last lesson up on the screen. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that next time we will change the way we work on getting our work saved. To do this we will get one memory stick out at the end (probably Finley's!!!!!!) stick it in the back of the fuze box and get our work saved on time. After we have done this we can get on with the packing up and after we have done that in record timing we can get started on a blog just like this one!
When saving our work in the lessons we are going to save it and then run the program and then save it and then run the program and then save it and run the program and keep going until it's the end of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


