---
title: I.T lesson 9
layout: post
author: joseph.beddoe
permalink: /i.t-lesson-9/
source-id: 1r9LcC0eN8AEjbTVxXc2tmKcFIVIo-F3eQuY13cwUGJI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 9</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Not available </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To add tables into my website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>no</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that what i learned this week was that in coding and I.T you have to get every little detail right. At the start of the lesson i had a decent, but working blog and at the time of writing i have NOTHING. This is because when i tried to add tables into my blog it worked slightly and then i tried to change the rest to to make sure that the colours didnt hurt eyes. When doing this i somehow messed up. This is probably because i wasn't concentrating. When i got home i used W3schools to try and fix the problem but sadly i didn’t find a way to fix it. So i started again and the blog posts wouldnt go on to the website.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that my bad attention to detail limited my learning because i spent precious time finding out that i had missed the semi-colon or missed the speech marks when replacing my background image or my icon. I also need to realise my mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i will take my time and this will save me time and save me from going over my line of code again and again and again. If i do make a mistake i will fix when the mistake occurs and nt in 5 minutes time because i will have forgotten how to. And finally i will try and perservere more and not give up so easily.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

