---
title: I.T lesson 13
layout: post
author: joseph.beddoe
permalink: /i.t-lesson-13/
source-id: 1m7jxj6qsXLclJU0WCo0Xy0oaAJp8ZRiJxgQR7-0WZLU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 12</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting </td>
    <td>28%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>30%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>no</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>this was our fourth week of python and  throughout the lesson I think that I performed to a high enough standard although I did not reach my target. I think that the reason I did not reach my target was because this week I was willing to do a lot and I don't think that I set a target which I could reach. I think that my perseverance this week really helped me get quite a lot of work done this week and my ability to concentrate also helped me block out the class when being noisy and unhelpful.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I don't really think that anything limited this week however like all the other weeks I want to type quicker. However I think that my typing has go a lot better and I can now type quite fast. This is because I have now got a keyboard case on my iPad mini for school and these blogs are really helping improve my typing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next time I will type quicker and set myself a more each able target. The target will be tough to reach though because I think that really helped me to get on and try to reach my impossible target.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

