---
title: I.T Lesson 4
layout: post
author: joseph.beddoe
permalink: /copy-of-using-github/
source-id: 1Ob9Tfup8RJQ9WMnqQyl2SoWEJHVgJdnp1FoEkeoU2Gc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>1-2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target</td>
    <td>1-3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes I did</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the strategies that were effective were the same as last week but I will repeat them in this blog. Finley and I work well as a team and I think this is because we know each other so well through school. When doing the work one of us does the reading bit therefor we are not crowding over the same book and the other person is controlling the mouse and this is because if we do this we will be doing at least 2 things at once most of the time, I think this is the best way to do it. We share the keyboard because when someone is doing the mouse or reading the booklet aloud we can do the coding as we now know all the buttons.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that overall finley and I worked very well together but there still is the smaller issue of saving our work in the lesson and at the end of the lesson. We have however got faster at getting our work we saved last lesson up on the screen. I think the problem that we have at the end of the lesson is finding the folder which we saved our work into.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>this time when saving our work during the lesson we are going to save it straight onto the memory stick because this will give us time at the end of the lesson to crack on with coding.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


