---
title: I.T Lesson 5
layout: post
author: joseph.beddoe
permalink: /copy-of-using-github/
source-id: 10cEW78UUgiY7xndN4Z-xylpgj-oOq__WobGaHgpQsTs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>week 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>1-3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>1-4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> no mr keen talked to us for a bit so we had less time to work</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that in this lesson this week in ICT Finley and I had to work a lot faster to reach our target of 1-4 because we only had 5-10 minutes to complete our target and we nearly got there however because of the time limit if five to ten minutes we fell just short of our target.
I think that the target Finley and I set ourselves was challenging but isn't that what it's supposed to be. There is no point in setting a target that you know you will get and you don't have to work too much towards the target.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>what limited my working this week was the amount of time we had. This is not Mr Keen's fault but it was still annoying. Otherwise I think that overall we worked very well together but there still is the smaller issue of saving our work in the lesson and at the end of the lesson. We have however got faster at getting our work we saved last lesson up on the screen. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I don't think that Finley and I really need to work on anything because time was our only problem. We could however learn to work better in situations we haven't worked in before lick working with less time. By this I mean adapting to different circumstances.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


