---
title: I.T Lesson 2
layout: post
author: joseph.beddoe
permalink: /i.t-lesson-2/
source-id: 1T5tdqQQAHCc-JPPIv2U4Ye0hTkxCcMRgWMvSs1Gw64Q
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze week 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>beginning</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>understanding the basics- BASICS</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In I.T. I learnt that to work quickly through the the exercises you need to read the fuze manual thoroughly. This really helps you to understand your fuze box. After doing this Finley and I moved on to the step by step guide following the instructions with precision and care. Finley and I also. Came up with an idea that worked brilliantly and helped us move along through the exercises very quickly and also ensured that we got everything (well nearly everything) right. This technique was for Finley to mainly operate with the manual and me to operate mainly with the computer and mouse. We both took turns with the keyboard.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that overall Finley and I didn't have many problems overall and worked like a well oiled machine. I think one thing that let us down slightly slowed us down was the fact that we packed up really quickly leaving us loads of the time at the end to do nothing but stand and watch our peers pack up noisily and start this blog for 30 seconds. At one point we forgot how to save our. Work and we wasted about three to seven minutes asking around until we had an answer. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I don't think that Finley and I will have to do much to work better. But there are two things that I think we could work on. Number one is to pack up a it later meaning we can get more work in this time even though we got quite a lot in in last lesson(week one FUZE). Number two on my things to improve on list is to save my work into a folder with Finley a lot quicker than last lesson which was week 1 studying the fuze box.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


