---
title: I.T Lesson 1
layout: post
author: joseph.beddoe
permalink: /i.t-lesson-1/
source-id: 1j78J84-v8sD7poHiKCl2jJwaQzMRGjBSXHoHSeSxLH4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 1 FUZE</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/08/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>1.1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to get to know my FUZE</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I managed to work the fuze box in the end after we had problems with the size of the font and the zoom on the screen</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think what really helped Finley (my partner) and I was reading the first few pages of the instruction book. It helped us understand a bit more about fuze and I think that will also help us in the future and the next few challenges. What also helped us was actually quite a small thing, getting the fuze box, the monitor and the wires all connected and ready early and before everyone else set theirs up and got it all connected.i think that doing this meant that we could start earlier, read all of the introduction of the manual and still get started on getting to know the technology we were working with handsome ideas on how it worked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think one of the main things that limited my learning this lesson was Finley and I both have a tendency to skip bits and rush on so when we got the booklet we went straight to the levels. It clearly became obvious that we would have to go back and read the introduction. This was very tedious because we wasted at least five minutes and in that time we could have maybe figured the next problem out. The other thing that set us back was actually and surprisingly not our fault, when typing up the first thing to do the computer said "error" and suddenly zoomed in. I don't think this was our fault but next time hopefully we will be able to fix it so we can continue in complete the challenges in a quicker time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To improve my my learning for the next time i think that next time i will get started straight away. In our first lesson we obviously would have had to talk about what we were going to do in the next few lessons, talk about how we were going to set it up and take a lot longer time setting it up because we were new to the Fuze box and how to set it up. So next time i think that Finley and I should get the fuze box ready quickly and get started with it straight away</td>
  </tr>
</table>


