---
title: I.T lesson 14
layout: post
author: joseph.beddoe
permalink: /i.t-lesson-14/
source-id: 1rWvRusi64pFKmY3ByZ9DLjdnxKh7vsNtJApioXTz94s
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 14</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting </td>
    <td>28%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>33%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This was our 5th  week of python and  throughout the lesson, like last time, I think that I performed to a high enough standard and i think this is why i reached my target. I think that the reason I reached my target was because this week i got stuck on a level and me and liam kept on going to reach our target(even though i reached it home). I think that my perseverance like last week really helped me  quite a lot because if i hadn't persevered then i would a the time of writing NOT reached my target. This week i am very happy with reaching my target because i think it was quite a hard target to reach and because i tried really hard i reached it. :) :) :) :) :) :) :)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I don't really think that anything limited this week however like all the other weeks (i know i always say this but it is the one huge fault in my work) I want to type quicker. I think that unlike other weeks i didn’t concentrate as well as i could have. Although i reached my target i definitely could have got more done. I think that the reason for me not concentrating is not because i was bored but because i was struggling.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i think that i will type a lot quicker(hearing this over and over and over again must be very boring but as i said before i need to say what i need to improve on and this is the most crucial and important thing)!!! To do this i will type more using my new ipad case which includes a keyboard (which is very small because it is an Ipad mini 1 so is hard but still helpful) and type more when i can for a piece of school work. I will also try try and try in lessons, block out all noise the class(not Mr Keen because that would be stupid :s) so i can concentrate and look at my screen the WHOLE time so as not to get distracted.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

