---
title: 16-It is getting easier
layout: post
author: joseph.beddoe
permalink: /i.t-lesson-16/
source-id: 1bTqRlqaufzdWuiUT34WKYjQbVIDuXtvKxfQ4vSmS_tc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 16</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting </td>
    <td>38%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>half way through 38%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This was our 7th  week of python and  throughout the lesson, like last time, I think that I performed to a high enough standard and i think this is why i reached my target. This week we had a blog check and I was very pleased with my feedback from mr keen.I think that the reason I reached my target was because this week i got stuck on a level and me, Finley and liam kept on going to reach our target. I think that my perseverance like last week really helped me  a lot ( this must be so boring to hear me go on about this again!) because if i hadn't persevered then i would a the time of writing NOT reached my target because if i did not try then the first exercise i did i would probably fail. This week, like last week, i am very happy with reaching my target because although it wasn't to hard I persevered and I think that I reached it because i tried really hard i reached it. :) :) :) :) :) :) :)   ( i love these) :) :) :) :) </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I don't really think that anything limited this week (i really need to stop saying this) however like all the other weeks (i know i always say this but it is the one huge fault in my work) I want to type quicker. last week i reached my target but thought that i could have got more done however this week  i think that i got as much work as i could done in the lesson.another thing that limited my learning was the fact that we had blog checks meaning that I had some of my time taken away from me so I could show mr keen my blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i think that i will type a lot quicker(hearing this over and over and over again must be very boring but as i said before i need to say what i need to improve on and this is definitely the most crucial and important thing!!!!(uggggghhhhhhhh i said it again) To do this i will type more using my new ipad case which sadly broke because i dropped and it craked(hopefully my dad can superglue it together (he still hasn't ) :s) which includes a keyboard (which is very small because it is an Ipad mini 1 so is hard but still helpful) and type more when i can for a piece of school work.at the moment im doing a pchse project on my ipad and i finished my 28 slide r.s project on wednesday. I will also try try and try in lessons, block out all noise the class(not Mr Keen/Mr Sharp because that would be stupid)( i am soooooo boring) so i can concentrate and look at my screen the WHOLE time so as not to get distracted. For my blog I have changed the colour scheme, the font and the background to give a more modern look.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

