---
title: I.T Lesson 8
layout: post
author: joseph.beddoe
permalink: /i.t-lesson-8/
source-id: 1ncS7NygqhMG9QY3ZBDC3qKaKYEOZ5xWV0ElLRchNlYM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Not available </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have learned about making my blog better</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the main way i learned this week was by persevering when the piece of code i had just put in didn't work. For example my picture for my background wasn’t working and at the time of writing this blog it still isn’t i tried and tried different pictures and none of them worked so when i realized that i was doing something wrong i looked it up on W3schools, a website i have used before and a website that Mr Keen recommended himself. To see if this worked i used the background from the website and at the moment it still… hasn’t come up on my website.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the url picture for my background limited my learning because if i had more time and more knowledge about what i’m doing at the start of it i would have saved time and maybe make another change to my code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that next time when working on my blog i will try to use different types of code and in this case url links however i will look it up on W3schools or another website either before I try or after 5-10 minutes as this will save me time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

